Added the ability to train with bf16 through arguments (#9)
loubnabnl/santacoder-finetuning: README.md

3. The following examples show how you can launch fine-tuning for The Stack dataset. 
Here we will run the script on the *Ruby* subset of the dataset for demonstration purposes. Note that:

> - Gradient Checkpointing is enabled by default and the caching mechanism is disabled to save memory. If you want to disable them call `no_gradient_checkpointing` argument. Note that mixed precision is disabled with the `no_fp16` flag due to some issues we noticed when using it, you can enable it by removing that argument. However, a better choice would be to use bf16 mixed percision which is enabled with the `bf16` flag as it is a more stable form of mixed precision training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Gradient Checkpointing is enabled by default and the caching mechanism is disabled to save memory. If you want to disable them call `no_gradient_checkpointing` argument. Note that mixed precision is disabled with the `no_fp16` flag due to some issues we noticed when using it, you can enable it by removing that argument. However, a better choice would be to use bf16 mixed precision, if it's supported on your hardware (e.g A100), it's enabled with the `bf16` flag and can be more stable in training.
```
